what's up guys grand HD here coming with
another video and this time is bad news
I had to get rid of my my player mainly
not mainly but because there is no
autoplay calling in my player this year
at 2k 10 there was this year there isn't
so as many of you guys will soon find
out if you have the game and you're
playing my player when you get to an NBA
team or you can even see this in the job
combining assembly they don't really run
place at all and I was you know I was
assuming you know in the draft combine
some early you know that's because
you're not actually a team yet but uh
sure enough I got me in bed floor with
an actual NBA team percy miles with was
the king's hosting the footage here and
all it was was I so I so all day albania
hundred and Tyreke Evans just ISIL I so
you know jason Thompson catching the
ball and just tacking up and around
jumpers every single time he caught the
ball I mean it was horrible because
there's no there's no play calling you
can't have autoplay going on so no place
I recalled it they're basically trying
to ISO or set very very basic place very
basic screen their pics and even those
are rare and I'll call people I
mentioned oh you know if you get lb you
can set yourself you can call for a pick
or a screen or whatever yeah you can but
that's about it and the screens are
really weak you have like woolston time
the screens where that work so and no
one wants to just sit there using one
screen ever a basic screen every single
time so overall yeah you're going to be
running some sort of three point I was a
three-point specialist anything like
that don't do it it's pretty much broken
unless they have autoplay con added in
the game you can't call plays anything
but a point guard apparently so unless
you're a big man who's
a lot of post moves back to the basket
you can have a tough time if yours you
know a face-up or another variant
because no plays are going to be called
obviously with the best big man you can
set pics and then some sort of pretty
much that have a pick and roll but what
I'm trying to say is unless you're a
point guard who can actually call place
you're gonna have a really really
generic time basically so basically if
you were a shooting guard or small
forward or a power forward whatever and
you're not going to be going back to the
basket you're basically going to be I
saline a lot if you get the ball you're
going to be driving constantly or you're
going to be icing the dribble moves to
get jumped up shot so that's all you're
going to be able to do because no place
can be ran you can't call them and
they're not called automatically so yeah
it's really unfortunate i remade my my
player i'm sure i've put it to that by
now on the screen made a not flooded my
card but the reason i had to do that was
because i need be your call please if
there's no place being called it's not
realistic it's not fun honestly I don't
know how far or how much I'm going to
get into this I player right away I'm a
feeling they're gonna have to patch this
because this kind of breaks the mode it
just really doesn't down the mode
basically I mean it's great that they
added the difficulty chain to be able to
change a difficulty the court and i
colapse up it's great the added that but
they left out of such a basic feature if
you two kids actually watch this time
versus on to date forms as well please
please beta test these modes i would
bethe says these modes for free no
questions asked so I don't know what's
going on like like it why don't they
beta test this search
I mean I'm sure they was in the beta
test they would realize they were made a
three-point specialist after the NBA
played on a harder difficulty they would
realize instantly that this is not gonna
work you know you could barely get it to
work on pro where the only reason you're
getting open it because the fenders are
just super slow and super bad you know
they're not following you correctly at
all you're just sprinting around and
then oh you get open you get a nice
little little jump done and opposite
difficult kind of jump shots a lot but
anyways I'm rambling um it's more than
likely going to push me into a new
direction where I'm probably gonna be
doing a lot of association now early on
then which guys think let me go what you
guys want me to do give you some
suggestions for Association like what
team and what not I'm probably going to
make one tomorrow and the Association
videos would basically be a lot of
rebuilding a team or even you know
contending teams how they are my
championships I can win with them you
know maintaining them and then of course
maybe even going through entire you know
cycle having to rebuild and whatnot yeah
this video's long way too long wait
login it should be so want to let you
guys know you know that big problem in
2k and that's why my my player it's
gonna be changing but yeah so thanks for
watching gran HD peace